README.md, before:

# Data Science Resources

---


## Machine Learning

[ML from Scratch](https://github.com/eriklindernoren/ML-From-Scratch)

### Deployment of ML

[Productionalize your ML Model](https://towardsdatascience.com/productionizing-your-machine-learning-model-221468b0726d)

[Different approaches to ML model in production](https://medium.com/analytics-and-data/overview-of-the-different-approaches-to-putting-machinelearning-ml-models-in-production-c699b34abf86)

## Python

[Everything About Python — Beginner To Advanced](https://medium.com/fintechexplained/everything-about-python-from-beginner-to-advance-level-227d52ef32d2)

[Python Exercies](https://www.w3resource.com/python-exercises/)

[Python Videos from PyEvents](https://pyvideo.org)


### Jupyter and IDE related

[Interactive spreadsheets in Jupyter](https://towardsdatascience.com/interactive-spreadsheets-in-jupyter-32ab6ec0f4ff)

[PyCharm for data scientists](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/05/pycharm-data-scientists.html)

[Built-in magic commands — IPython 6.2.1 documentation](http://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html)</dt>

[Concrete Statistics Jupyter Notebook Peter Norvig](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/url/norvig.com/ipython/Probability.ipynb)</dt>

[Economics simulation Jupyter Notebook Peter Norvig](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/url/norvig.com/ipython/Economics.ipynb)</dt>

[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)</dt>
 

### Matplotlib, Seaborn, Visualization

[Seaborn Tutorial](https://github.com/clair513/Seaborn-Tutorial)

[Data Visualization with Seaborn](https://github.com/neerjad/DataVisualization)
 


### Pandas

[Pandas Exercies](https://github.com/guipsamora/pandas_exercises)

[Pandas Cookbook](https://github.com/jvns/pandas-cookbook)

[Python and Pandas Tutorial for beginners](https://www.learndatasci.com/tutorials/python-pandas-tutorial-complete-introduction-for-beginners)

[Pandas Dataframe](https://data-flair.training/blogs/pandas-dataframe/)

[Minimally Sufficient Pandas](https://medium.com/dunder-data/minimally-sufficient-pandas-a8e67f2a2428)


### Top 10 Websites for Data Science

1. Coursera
2. EdX
3. Datacamp
4. Udemy
5. Udacity
6. Khan Academy
7. Kaggle 
8. R-bloggers
9. Analytics Vidya
10. KDNuggets

### Top 10 Skills for Data Science

1. Probability & Statistics 
2. Linear Algebra
3. Python
4. R
5. SQL/Presto
6. Tableau/PowerBI
7. AWS/Azure
8. Spark
9. Excel
10. DevOps

### Top 10 Algorithms for Data Science

1. Linear Regression
2. Logistics Regression
3. K-means Clustering
4. PCA (Principal Component Analysis)
5. Support Vector Machine
6. Decision Tree
7. Random Forest
8. Gradient Boosting Machine
9. XGboost
10. Artificial Neural Networks

### Top 10 Industries for Data Science

1. Technology 
2. Finance
3. Retail
4. Telecom
5. Healthcare & Pharma
6. Manufacturing 
7. Automotive
8. Cybersecurity 
9. Energy
10. Utilities

Commit message:

Top 7 data Science interview questions

README.md, after:

# Data Science Resources

---


## Machine Learning

[ML from Scratch](https://github.com/eriklindernoren/ML-From-Scratch)

### Deployment of ML

[Productionalize your ML Model](https://towardsdatascience.com/productionizing-your-machine-learning-model-221468b0726d)

[Different approaches to ML model in production](https://medium.com/analytics-and-data/overview-of-the-different-approaches-to-putting-machinelearning-ml-models-in-production-c699b34abf86)

## Python

[Everything About Python — Beginner To Advanced](https://medium.com/fintechexplained/everything-about-python-from-beginner-to-advance-level-227d52ef32d2)

[Python Exercies](https://www.w3resource.com/python-exercises/)

[Python Videos from PyEvents](https://pyvideo.org)


### Jupyter and IDE related

[Interactive spreadsheets in Jupyter](https://towardsdatascience.com/interactive-spreadsheets-in-jupyter-32ab6ec0f4ff)

[PyCharm for data scientists](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/05/pycharm-data-scientists.html)

[Built-in magic commands — IPython 6.2.1 documentation](http://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html)</dt>

[Concrete Statistics Jupyter Notebook Peter Norvig](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/url/norvig.com/ipython/Probability.ipynb)</dt>

[Economics simulation Jupyter Notebook Peter Norvig](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/url/norvig.com/ipython/Economics.ipynb)</dt>

[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)</dt>
 

### Matplotlib, Seaborn, Visualization

[Seaborn Tutorial](https://github.com/clair513/Seaborn-Tutorial)

[Data Visualization with Seaborn](https://github.com/neerjad/DataVisualization)
 


### Pandas

[Pandas Exercies](https://github.com/guipsamora/pandas_exercises)

[Pandas Cookbook](https://github.com/jvns/pandas-cookbook)

[Python and Pandas Tutorial for beginners](https://www.learndatasci.com/tutorials/python-pandas-tutorial-complete-introduction-for-beginners)

[Pandas Dataframe](https://data-flair.training/blogs/pandas-dataframe/)

[Minimally Sufficient Pandas](https://medium.com/dunder-data/minimally-sufficient-pandas-a8e67f2a2428)


### Top Trends in Data Science for 2020
1. Democratization of Data Science
2. Data Science moving to Cloud (Azure ML, AWS and Google Cloud Platform)
3. Automation in Data Science


### Top 10 Websites for Data Science

1. Coursera
2. EdX
3. Datacamp
4. Udemy
5. Udacity
6. Khan Academy
7. Kaggle 
8. R-bloggers
9. Analytics Vidya
10. KDNuggets
11. Medium

### Top 10 Skills for Data Science

1. Probability & Statistics 
2. Linear Algebra
3. Python
4. R
5. SQL/Presto
6. Tableau/PowerBI
7. AWS/Azure
8. Spark
9. Excel
10. DevOps

### Top 10 Algorithms for Data Science

1. Linear Regression
2. Logistics Regression
3. K-means Clustering
4. PCA (Principal Component Analysis)
5. Support Vector Machine
6. Decision Tree
7. Random Forest
8. Gradient Boosting Machine
9. XGboost
10. Artificial Neural Networks

### Top 10 Industries for Data Science

1. Technology 
2. Finance
3. Retail
4. Telecom
5. Healthcare & Pharma
6. Manufacturing 
7. Automotive
8. Cybersecurity 
9. Energy
10. Utilities
